recruit_character = EFR_philippe_pétain
recruit_character = EFR_jean_de_lattre_de_tassigny
recruit_character = EFR_alphonse_juin
recruit_character = EFR_maurice_gamelin
recruit_character = EFR_maxime_weygand
recruit_character = EFR_alphonse_georges
recruit_character = EFR_charles_de_gaulle
recruit_character = EFR_philippe_leclerc
recruit_character = EFR_henri_giraud
recruit_character = EFR_charles_huntziger
recruit_character = EFR_françois_darlan
recruit_character = EFR_jeanmarie_charles_abrial
recruit_character = EFR_jeanpierre_esteva
recruit_character = EFR_renéÉmile_godfroy
recruit_character = EFR_jean_de_laborde
recruit_character = EFR_peter_jones
recruit_character = EFR_lucas_taylor
recruit_character = EFR_peter_williams
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_jean_francois_jannekeyn
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_pierre_le_gloan
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_marcel_bruno_gensoul
recruit_character = EFR_marcel_deat
recruit_character = EFR_jacques_doriot
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_rene_bousquet
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_jean_marie_abrial
recruit_character = EFR_rene_belin
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_jean_marie_bergeret
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_pierre_laval
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_eugene_bridoux
recruit_character = EFR_pierre_laval
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_jean_romatet
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_lucien_lacaze
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_marius_viple
recruit_character = EFR_joseph_darnand
recruit_character = EFR_VIC_jean_francois_darlan
capital = 16
oob = "EFR_1936"
set_research_slots = 3
set_stability = 0.6
set_war_support = 0.15
set_rule={can_join_factions=no}
# Starting tech
set_technology = {
	airfield_allowed = 1
	naval_base_allowed = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
	infantry_weapons1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	gw_artillery = 1
	interwar_antiair = 1
	gwtank = 1
	basic_light_tank = 1
	improved_light_tank = 1
	trench_warfare = 1
	fleet_in_being = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
}
if = {
	limit = { not = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" } }
	set_technology = {
		early_submarine = 1
		basic_submarine = 1
		early_destroyer = 1
		basic_destroyer = 1
		early_light_cruiser = 1
		basic_light_cruiser = 1
		early_heavy_cruiser = 1
		basic_heavy_cruiser = 1
		early_battleship = 1
		early_battlecruiser = 1
		basic_battlecruiser = 1
		early_carrier = 1
		transport = 1
	}
}
if = {
	limit = { has_dlc = "Man the Guns" }
	set_technology = {
		early_ship_hull_light = 1
		basic_ship_hull_light = 1
		early_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		basic_ship_hull_submarine = 1
		early_ship_hull_cruiser = 1
		early_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		basic_ship_hull_heavy = 1
		early_ship_hull_carrier = 1
		basic_battery = 1
		basic_light_battery = 1
		basic_medium_battery = 1
		basic_torpedo = 1
		basic_depth_charges = 1
		basic_secondary_battery = 1
		basic_heavy_armor_scheme = 1
		mtg_transport = 1
	}
}
set_convoys = 300
set_politics = {
	ruling_party = democratic
	last_election = "1932.5.1"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = yes
}
set_popularities = {
	democratic = 69
	fascism = 1
	communism = 30
}
add_ideas = EFR_neutrality_idea
