recruit_character = HUN_miklós_horthy
recruit_character = HUN_mátyás_rákosi
recruit_character = HUN_Árpád_szakasits
recruit_character = HUN_géza_lakatos
recruit_character = HUN_iván_hindy
recruit_character = HUN_károly_beregfy
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_veress
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_feketehalmyczeydner
recruit_character = HUN_salvo
recruit_character = HUN_vilmos_roder
recruit_character = HUN_zoltan_tildy
recruit_character = HUN_hugo_sonyi
recruit_character = HUN_dezso_laszlo
recruit_character = HUN_lajos_remenyi_schneller
recruit_character = HUN_reszo_kastner
recruit_character = HUN_sandor_magyarossy
recruit_character = HUN_bela_rakosi
recruit_character = HUN_francois_deak
recruit_character = HUN_gyorgy_jendrassik
recruit_character = HUN_jeno_ratz
recruit_character = HUN_henrik_werth
recruit_character = HUN_ferenc_szombathelyi
recruit_character = HUN_gusztav_jany
recruit_character = HUN_shvoy_kalman
recruit_character = HUN_gyula_gombos_de_jakfa
capital = 43
 oob = "HUN_1936"
 set_research_slots = 3
 set_stability = 0.7
 set_war_support = 0.6
 set_variable = {
     var = min_fuel
     value = 0.800
 }
 add_ideas = peace_training
 add_relation_modifier = { target = GER modifier =  Axis_trade }
 set_rule = {can_be_spymaster = no}
 set_technology = {
	airfield_allowed = 1
	naval_base_allowed = 1
 	#desertinfantry_at = 1
	#shocktroops = 1
	#jungletroops = 1
	basic_train = 1
	armor_tech_1 = 1
	engine_tech_1 = 1
	jaegers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	marines = 1
	infantry_weapons = 1
 	infantry_weapons1 = 1
 	tech_support = 1		
 	tech_recon = 1
 	gw_artillery = 1
 	gwtank_chassis = 1
 	#early_fighter = 1
 	#CAS1 = 1
 	tech_engineers = 1
 	motorised_infantry = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
 	mtg_transport = 1
 	interwar_antitank = 1
 	interwar_antiair = 1
 }
 set_convoys = 100
 add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
	type = train_equipment
	amount = 50
	producer = HUN
}
 add_equipment_to_stockpile = {
          type = infantry_equipment_1
          amount = 4732
          producer = HUN
 }
 if = {
 	limit = {
 		has_dlc = "Death or Dishonor"
 	}
 	add_ideas = {
 		HUN_treaty_of_triannon
 	}
 }
 set_politics = {
 	ruling_party = neutrality
 	last_election = "1935.3.31"
 	election_frequency = 48
 	elections_allowed = yes
 }
 set_popularities = {
 	democratic = 25
 	fascism = 31
 	neutrality = 44
 }
 
 
create_equipment_variant = {
		name = "Franz Joseph Class"
		type = ship_hull_heavy_1
		name_group = ENG_BB_HISTORICAL
		parent_version = 0
		modules = {
			fixed_ship_battery_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
			fixed_ship_anti_air_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			fixed_ship_fire_control_system_slot = ship_fire_control_system_1
			fixed_ship_radar_slot = empty
			fixed_ship_engine_slot = heavy_ship_engine_1
			fixed_ship_secondaries_slot = ship_secondaries_2
			fixed_ship_armor_slot = ship_armor_bb_1
			front_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_2
			mid_1_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			mid_2_custom_slot = ship_anti_air_2
			rear_1_custom_slot = ship_heavy_battery_1
		}
	}
